What's wrong with your face?
Accidentally fell.
Hoang hasn't seen you in years.
You're selling tofu brains here.
I was hiding in remote places like Lac Phuong village.
How can you find me?
You are the emperor now.
Don t you need to go to court?
You are the one who is sitting in that position.
That year you led us to revolt.
Cut the infidels, kill the tyrant of the towel, don't let the men do the work.
But when you succeed, you choose to retreat quickly.
Give me the throne.
I'm guilty in my heart.
That's the past.
Mrs. Hoang
You say you want to live a normal life.
The Godfather
Give birth
But you know how many villages I've come to find you.
How many people to look for
There's no news.
I thought...
I'll never see you again.
Who told you to come find me?
You are your emperor.
I took my tofu stand.
We're all fine.
Isn't that good?
This summer can't be a day without troops.
You should go home quickly, but you
Li Huining, you have a letter from the capital.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Dear Hoang, this letter is my son's letter of peace.
My son is in the royal family this year.
I am talking about marriage with my wife.
This baby.
I want to go to the city to see them get married.
Mom.
The baby will soon be married to her daughter.
I would like to welcome you to the city for the ceremony.
But this trip is high and far away.
Lawton Transportation
You've never been far.
Your baby doesn t want you to be affected.
Married this time.
Don't come anymore.